Add `prune` to `PauliSentence` and `FermiSentence` (#9278)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* Decomposition rules can now be assigned custom names using the ``name`` argument in :func:`qml.register_resources <pennylane.decomposition.register_resources>`. This makes it easier to identify specific rules.
  [(#9257)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/9257)

> * Added ``PauliSentence.prune`` and ``FermiSentence.prune`` that removes terms with zero coefficients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added ``PauliSentence.prune`` and ``FermiSentence.prune`` that removes terms with coefficients below a provided threshold.
```
